temp fix for #477 (#478)
PnX-SI/GeoNature-citizen: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## 1.3.1 - 2025-11-30

> [!WARNING]
> **Last release compatible with python 3.9**

### :bug: Fixes

> * Fix servor error when create or update programs (temporary patch to fix #477).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix servor error when creating or updating programs (temporary patch to fix #477).
```
